Update omero_assembly.md (#1104)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/tool_assembly/omero_assembly.md

## Which tasks can be solved with OMERO?

OMERO can be used for the day-to-day data management of data.
- Users can remotely view, [handle metadata](metadata_management), [analyze](data_analysis), generate figures ready for publication, etc.
- The plaform can also be used to publish data either using public repository like Image Data Repository (IDR) or by enabling the public user within the OMERO installation in a given institution e.g. [Liverpool CCI gallery](https://cci02.liv.ac.uk/gallery/).

> - It is the platform between several public image repositories e.g. [Image Data Repository](http://idr.openmicroscopy.org/), [EMPIAR](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/empiar/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is the software platform for several public image repositories e.g. [Image Data Repository](http://idr.openmicroscopy.org/), [EMPIAR](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/empiar/).
```
